Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to give our documents a name.
And the reason for this is because in the future, if we have.
Opt to order quantity and if a user purchased that products, what we want to do is to reduce that quantity
from hundred to 99 because we no longer have Andre item of that product, right.
We then have 99.
And in order to assess that products, that specific products the user as watches, we need access to
the name of the documents and you can see currently Flutter or Firebase is basically also generating
it for us.
So what we can do in order to have access to the documents ID that is the name of the documents or the
name of the product.
We have to also generate the hides ourselves and to do that we need a package header to pop the dev.
And over here we are going to search for a package known as EU ID which would basically help us to generate
a unique ID for each product.
Click on this and you have to copy this code.
And head back to your post back dot yaml file and you can see currently.
Hi how with the OC.
And after you do that you can maybe also restart your via Xcode and but before you also start, definitely,
you know, you have to click on get packages or use control and as to save and after then some of the
time it is required you restart your voice code OC.
And now we have to use that back to the upload product and use controller and be okay.
What we can do first is over here we can create a variable.
It's going to be late because we are not giving it any value at this point.
And it's going to be a type of string and we can call this product ID.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Add your semicolon.
Okay.
And.
Before year before I within what we can just do is call the product ID variable.
Product ID.
And we can then say is equal to that.
You.
You, Heidi.
We just installed your ID.
Sorry, your ID.
We also do have to call it.
I think contrary to what?
Okay.
And we have to import and we then have to say dot v for what this widget is.
It will help us generate a unique hide number.
So we send the product ref the dock.
We then have to say product ID.
Okay.
So this will then generate a unique high number for us.
And you can see now we can have access to the document by saying maybe a dock, then pass the product,
ID then get.
Okay, I think you've seen that before during the customer streaming of data.
Okay.
And within the set, we can pass an extra field which we are going to call a product ID and it's going
to be equal to this product ID.
And definitely you need to send me a sorry, a comma I can use container save and what we can just do,
we can delete this we already have.
Okay.
Because currently you can see we have another field, so you can just delete the collection.
Sorry.
Over here.
Deletes collection and it is called products.
That is the name of the collection.
Delete.
Okay.
That's collection is delayed, and now we can then upload a product.
Upload.
Okay.
I'm just going to pick this to shirts.
Peak this.
And this OC select and for the main category I'm going to say man and for the top category I would then
say jackets and for the price of the products I'm going to say 50 and for the quantity I can then say
60 and for the product name and then say jackets, jackets and for the description of the product,
I can just say best, best selling jacket.
Okay.
And now click on upload.
It will definitely take some time and make sure you are logged in because over here you can see we are
calling the Firebase Hotspot instance and the current user and we are basically getting the UID and
if you are not login you will have an error because you are calling this which has been logged in because
it expects you to be log in when calling the when trying to get the current user.
Okay.
And let's see, you can see currently everything has been reset, the images has been reset back to
empty and the select event category has also been reset and all the fields are reset as well.
Okay.
Let's go check and go to this and back to Data.
And you're going to see a new collection called Products.
And now we are basically generating it ourselves.
Okay.
And you can see now the discount is there.
We have on it.
In the future, we are going to be able to assess these documents in order to reduce it.
And we'll also have this in stock.
Okay.
Sorry, the discount is there.
The stock is 60 and the main category is men.
Right?
The price is 50, right?
The product description is the best selling jacket and the product ID can see the product ID is this
as well.
You can see it is the same thing.
And remember, the document is basically referring to the name of the product that is the this.
You can just see this as this entire thing as a document, right?
So currently we can see we have one documents.
If we upload the lab product again, then we have to document and we feel if we upload the test product,
that means we have said document or three document.
Okay.
And currently we have just one document.
Right.
Okay.
And you can see everything is going well and I think I'll put that just to images or maybe three or
so.
Okay.
We are having multiple.
Images that we uploaded, I think we uploaded just to and currently we have multiple images.
We just have to stop here for now and we are going to resolve that maybe in the next section.